== Problem

Our application has movies, seasons and episodes. Let's simplify the metadata, so it only has a title and a plot. An episode belongs to a season and a season can have N episodes, the episode also has the number of episode in the season.
Movies and seasons can be purchased (but not episodes), they have several purchase options, a purchase option has a price (2.99) and a video quality (HD or SD).

We also have users, to simplify, a user only will have an email.

A user can make a purchase of a content (movie/season) through a purchase option. When a user makes a purchase, we store it in his library, the user has up to 2 days to see the content. In his library, we only show the titles that the user has "alive" and he can see and not the expired purchases. Also, while the user has a content in his library, he can't purchase the same content again.
For instance, if the user purchases the movie '300: Rise of an Empire' and goes to his library, he will find the movie, if he tries to purchase it again, he will receive an error. 3 days after, if he goes to the library, the movie will not appear in his library and he can purchase it again.


== Set up

* Database initialization

       rake db:setup

* How to run the test suite

       rspec
      
* How to run the server

       rails s
       
== Solution

* Movies ordered by creation

      curl -i  -H "Accept: application/vnd.api+json" -X GET "http://localhost:3000/movies"
      
* Seasons including episodes

    curl -i  -H "Accept: application/vnd.api+json" -X GET "http://localhost:3000/seasons?include=episodes"
    
* Movies and seasons ordered by creation (to do: find how to pass filter through curl)

    get '/contents', filter: {content_type: "movies,seasons"}
* User can purchase content (through purchase option)

      curl -i -H "Authorization: Token token=DEV_TOKEN" -H "Accept: application/vnd.api+json" -H 'Content-Type:application/vnd.api+json' -X POST -d '{"data": {"type":"purchases", "links": {"purchase-option": {"type": "purchase_options", "id":"1"}}}}' "http://localhost:3000/purchases"


* Library of content by time left to watch

      curl -i -H "Authorization: Token token=DEV_TOKEN" -H "Accept: application/vnd.api+json" -X GET "http://localhost:3000/libraries"
      

== TO DO

  - Caching
  - Versioning

